= gem-stfu

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/gem-stfu
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/gem-stfu

== DESCRIPTION:

A fork of gem-shut-the-fuck-up that provides configurable silencing of
post-install-messages.

== SYNOPSIS

Let's say you install a gem which has a post-install message that bugs
you:

    % gem install bundler
    Fetching: bundler-1.14.3.gem (100%)
    blah blah blah post-install guilt trip blah blah
    Successfully installed bundler-1.14.3
    1 gem installed

Now, all you have to do is add that gem name to the configuration:

    % echo bundler >> ~/.gem/stfu.rc

And your worries are no more:

    % gem install bundler
    Fetching: bundler-1.14.3.gem (100%)
    Successfully installed bundler-1.14.3
    1 gem installed

Voilà! Guilt-trip free installs!

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Slightly better name, so you don't have to put it in your source.
* Easier sell on your boss than the original name.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* gem-shut-the-fuck-up, > 0

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install gem-stfu

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
